The achiever/performer
You are defined by your desire to be significant and to distinguish yourself through your achievements. To others, you appear confident, ambitious and goal-oriented. You are unsure of your innate self-worth, and look for validation through your accomplishments. You are typically very image-focused; it is important to you that others see you as successful.
Deepest Fear: You fear being insignificant or a failure. To cope with this fear, you look for ways to win in life, reassuring yourself that you are valuable.

Core Motivation: You are motivated by a need for attention and admiration. You strive to be successful and significant to avoid feeling worthless.

Key Personality Traits of the achiever
1.Acutely aware of social niceties
2.Impressive range of accomplishments
3.Extremely busy and on the go
4.Jam-packed schedules and meetings
5.May have interests in improvisation or acting
6.Refined taste in outer appearance
7.Charismatic; makes good first impressions

The achiever In Depth
Polished and sophisticated, Achievers have a particular taste for the nice things in life. You have the capacity for huge chunks of productivity to reach your goals and high standards. Your goal is to be remembered and appreciated for your discoveries and creations, to be the best.
Smart, ambitious and typically well-dressed, you hit and exceed targets left and right. Your performance and dedication are admired by others and may even inspire them to take action.
You typically have schedules chock-full of events and professional meetings to keep yourself busy and on the go.
At your best, you tend to be confident, energetic and humble role models who inspire others. You can be incredibly productive, even a workaholic. You tend to dress well and enjoy materials and experiences that project an image of wealth or success.
At your worst, you may appear obsessive, self-aggrandizing, and malicious. You may throw other people under the bus for your own advantage and appear untrustworthy.
You are part of the heart-based triad of the Enneagram. This triad focuses on the emotion of grief and struggles with not feeling loveable as you are.
As children, you most likely learned from an early age that achievement resulted in love and praise, so you established your identity on gaining attention in the form of success.
You seek to project a specific image of yourself and repress your internal feelings. You may struggle to understand your own emotions as you focus instead on what you want to do and achieve.

Core Values of achiever
1.Recognition, accolades and status are the pinnacle of the Achiever’s lifestyle.
2.You are goal-driven, equipped with the Type A mentality and a relentless drive for self-improvement.
3.Productivity and achievement take the cake as the Achievers’ core values.
4.Getting things done is more important than too much planning and “wasted” time spent daydreaming.

Growth Tips for achiever
1.Slow down! It can be easy for you to get so busy that you can miss what is right in front of you or take the present moment for granted. Take time to relax and appreciate the moment every once in a while. (Yes, that includes turning off your smartphone!)
2.Practice active listening to connect more deeply with other people. You can be so focused on how you are being perceived by other people, that you miss opportunities to connect with others more deeply. By developing active listening habits, you can form deeper bonds with others.
3.Embrace vulnerability. Vulnerability can be scary for you, because it means allowing other people to see who you truly are, not just the side of you that you want them to see. However, you grow when you learn how to embrace vulnerability and act in ways that are more authentic to yourself.
4.Examine your thoughts and feelings. You can get so caught up in your image and achievements that you ignore your own emotions. Take time to ask yourself how you really feel about something. Do your words and actions match up with how you feel?
5.Practice mindfulness to be more present. You are always on-the-go. Mindfulness practices like yoga and meditation can help you slow down and focus on the present. Non-competitive, single-player games can also help You focus on the moment without feeling the need to “win.”

Famous achiever personalities
Oprah Winfrey, Tony Robbins, Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga, Beyonce Knowles, Meghan Markle, Tom Cruise, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Muhammed Ali, Kacey Musgraves, Reese Witherspoon, Don Draper (Mad Men), Rachel Berry (Glee), Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones), Amy March (Little Women), Leslie Knope (Parks and Rec)

Achiever in Relationships
You focus on making sure you sparkle and shine for your partner. You keep a majority of your attention on creating an image of success in the eyes of others, especially your beloved partner at the beginning of a relationship.
When you are not healthy however or often in a later stage of a relationship, you can identify too strongly with your work and be overly focused on your performances, whether it be in the workroom, the bedroom or as a parent. You can erroneously believe you are what you do, and believe others see them this way as well. This may cause them to lose touch with who you really are, causing them to be like a chameleon in the relationship, identifying only with what your partner likes. This of course makes things more likely to fizzle out quickly since you may not have brought your real self to the relationship.
Though you are very heart-oriented within the Enneagram triad in that you feel the feelings of others, you can avoid your own feelings unconsciously, because avoiding emotions helps you to get things done. As you let go of the frantic pace and attempt to just “be” versus incessant “doing”, and as potential anxiety or depression rises because of this unfamiliar slower pacing, it’s important for a You to find some relaxation techniques; your very own hobbies and fitness practices to balance yourself; and take care of your mental health.
When you don’t get your needs met from your partner, you may turn to a form of deceit to get needs met. However, when you begin to get self-care and realize you are loved no matter what you do, you do an amazing job of speaking the truth in love and leading a fine team both at home and at work.
