The enthusiast/Adventurer
You are defined by your desire to experience everything life has to offer while avoiding pain and boredom. You appear to others to be lively, fun-loving and hedonistic.
You are often very busy people who bounce from one activity to another in your quest to squeeze every possible bit of enjoyment out of life.

Deepest Fear: You fear getting stuck in a rut and missing out on the good life. You cope with this fear by constantly seeking out exciting, novel, and fun experiences.

Core Motivations: More than anything, You want to avoid feeling bored, sad or uninspired.

Key Personality Traits of the adventurer
1.Always on the go
2.Wide range of interests
3.Childlike enthusiasm and energy
4.Curious, sparkling eyes
5.Many ongoing professional and creative projects
6.Upbeat and optimistic; glass-half-full outlook
7.Well-liked and popular among peers

Adventurer in Depth
Wide-eyed and filled to the brim with endless energy, Enthusiasts/adventurer are the playful and busy optimists of the world.
Your relentless curiosity for new information and experiences plays into your (often impressive) stories and gift for gab. At the end of a workday, your minds are often still buzzing with new ideas to explore.
You’re charming storytellers with a passion for many different hobbies, and see the glass as half full. Bright and expressive, you see the world as your playground and can be considered the ‘eternal children’ of the Enneagram.
You seek pleasure and excitement as a way to distract from the darker, more painful aspects of life. You belong to the “head-based” triad of the Enneagram.
You are motivated to repress and ignore fears in favor of positive experiences. On the outside, this thrill-seeking type may appear fearless, but it is when You learn to embrace your fears that you truly grow.
Upbeat and optimistic, you can easily reframe negative emotions into positive ones. Internally, you downplay negative experiences and look for silver linings. At your best, you are extremely uplifting and inspiring people At your worst, you may show up as out-of-touch with reality, or even narcissistic.
You are often very imaginative and creative. You excel in coming up with new ideas and initiating experiences. However, you can struggle with focus and self-discipline.

Core Values of adventurer
1.Flexibility, happiness and novelty. Variety is the your bread (not spice!) of life.
2.You seek out eye-opening experiences and sensations to take in and see the value and meaning in everything.
3.Open-mindedness paired with a non-judgmental attitude is what makes you tick. You believe each person should be given the chance to explore all you possibly can; each moment has its beauty, as long as you look carefully enough.

Growth Tips for the adventurer
1.Slow down and experience the moment. You like to stay busy to distract yourself from feelings of discomfort. Because of this, you may not allow enough time to relax and be present.
2.Learn to see the value of pain. You grow when you learn to see that there is beauty in darkness. Painful emotions aren’t necessarily bad. When you feel the need to distract yourself from pain, stop and check in with yourself and how you actually feel.
3.Be willing to go deep. When You share your authentic self with the world, you can form deep and meaningful relationships. But if you aren’t willing to go below the surface, then your relationships will never be more than surface-level. Allow yourself to be vulnerable and have hard conversations when necessary.
4.Get comfortable with solitude. You tend to be extraverted and attracted to experiences that offer large amounts of sensory stimulation. But the more time you spend with yourself, the more self-aware you become.
5.Practice active listening. Rather than listening to other people with intent to respond, practice listening to understand. Not every statement needs an immediate response. Take time to consider what other people are saying and focus on crafting more thoughtful and empathetic responses.

Famous adventurer personalities
Elton John, John F. Kennedy, Miley Cyrus, Britney Spears, Russell Brand, Katy Perry, Sacha Baron Cohen, Robin Williams, Jim Carrey, Cameron Diaz, Eddie Murphy, Richard Branson, Steven Spielberg, Conan O'Brien, Andy Samberg, Ted Danson, Elizabeth Taylor, Lil Nas X, Peter Pan (Peter Pan), Fred & George Weasley (Harry Potter), Detective Jake Peralta (Brooklyn 99), Eleanor Shellstrop (The Good Place), Eddie Winslow (Family Matters), Mindy Lahiri (The Mindy Project), Moana (Moana)

Adventurer in Relationships
You are a fun, enthusiastic romantic partner to have, and you tend to be independent as well as creative in terms of planning for adventures, working on a number of projects with speed and talent, and keeping your spouse and yourself entertained. However, in this frenzy, you tend to miss details. You also tend to deny your anxiousness, which causes them to skip anything that isn’t easy. It can also cause them to overdo and to be selfish in getting your needs met first. And let’s face it: it can be hard for a less energized type to keep up with the pace of this extraversion, since You are almost always keeping your minds and bodies extraordinarily busy!
However, what goes up must come down and eventually, you in a relationship will have to do the work that it takes to keep a relationship afloat, whether that means contributing to a savings fund, slowing down and doing chores, or facing the actual anxiety that lies beneath your joy and fun. This is no simple process, considering your spouses also often expect them to carry the joy into your relationship. However, as with all processes, there must be a balance and a titration of one’s gifts with one’s virtues, which, in the case of your, are joyful exuberance and sobriety in turn.
You do well to slow down a few paces each day, to work on some lower intensity workouts, to monitor food portions, to say no more, and to rest, at least for a little while every day. You also do well to slow your thoughts down by journaling with a pen and paper and taking a walk (not running) with your spouse to talk out issues with less anxiety. A mature adventurer also enjoys spiritual time where you can release stress to a higher power or turn to meditation.
Additionally, a mature adventurer can find peace and rest by allowing life’s plans to unfold instead of yours, even if it feels boring or painful. This process may even help you to realize slowing down and living with moderation instead of gluttony will take care of a fair amount of the relationship pain you were running from. In marriage, you can also work on self-soothing behaviors so you can listen better.

