The challenger/warrior
You are defined by your desire to be powerful and to avoid any vulnerability. You present a confident, assertive, and decisive image to others. You can be argumentative and intimidating; it is important to you to stand up for what you believe in and to protect those who are weaker than yourself.

Deepest Fear: You fear being vulnerable and powerless more than anything, and cope with this fear by always being strong and in control.

Core Motivations: You are motivated by your desire to be independent and in control. You resist appearing or feeling weak and reject any authority that restricts them.

Key Personality Traits of the challenger
1.Independent and self-sufficient
2.Fierce and confident look
3.Determination and stamina
4.Very energetic and busy
5.Fiery passions and power
6.Stubborn and headstrong
7.Serious about control over environment

Challenger in Depth
Goal-oriented and self-competent, Challenger trail blaze boldly through all walks of life and take great pride in your independence and sharp minds. You hold your heads up high and will pick yourself right back up after each stumble, stronger than before.
You rebel against the rules of society. The opinions of others will have absolutely no effect on your standings upon an issue, as you pride yourself on being fully capable and self-sufficient.
Strong advocates for others, you are concerned with justice, combating oppression, and protecting the weak. You view the world as made up of “strong” and “weak” people, you are strong and, therefore, are responsible for protecting those who are not.
You are energetic and direct. You are not shy when it comes to taking the lead and making tough decisions. You have no fear of conflict and you are not always concerned with limits or boundaries. You typically take-charge during group projects or meetings and find yourself at ease in leadership positions.
As children, you may have been called bossy by peers. Many challengers grow up in a conflict heavy environment, and feel like you have to adopt a strong personality early in life to survive.
You are part of the body-based triad. The core emotion experienced by this triad is anger. You have no problem accessing your anger, often expressing it impulsively.
At your best, you are brave and charismatic leaders who stand up for yourself and others. At your worst, you may ruin relationships on your path toward power and authority. You grow when you learn to access your vulnerability and weaknesses.

Core Values of challengers
1.Competence, influence, power and control, you crave respect as opposed to status or being liked by the group.
2.You are set to make an impact, and won’t back down. You pride yourself on your strength, honesty and the truth.
3.You also possess an extremely strong inner sense of justice. Loyalty also plays a major role in your value system. You are devoted to those who have proven themselves over time and will stand by them until the end, through hell or high water.
4.When danger comes and your loved ones are in trouble, the you will confidently stretch your wings to protect them.

Growth Tips for challengers
1.Check in with what you’re thinking and feeling before making decisions. As a body-based type, you act instinctively on your emotions, which can result in impulsive outbursts or decisions that are not fully thought through. When you feel the impulse to react, take time to sort through your thoughts and feelings before taking action.
2.Learn that vulnerability is strength, not weakness. You see your more raw and vulnerable emotions as weak, but growth happens when you learn to see the value in these aspects of your personality. Vulnerability allows You to connect more deeply with others, and grow into your highest self.
3.Discover your limits. Energetic you frequently push yourself to your limits, unaware you are doing so. This may cause you to unknowingly push other people to your limits as well. Pay more attention to your mental and emotional states, and allow yourself time to rest and recover when needed.
4.Make an effort to give love to and receive love from others more openly. You tend to view other people as either with you or against you. This can make it difficult to form solid, authentic relationships. Be open to giving and receiving love more freely. Not everything has to be earned.
5.Allow other people to take the lead (sometimes). With your commanding presence and direct approach, you make a great leader. But there are times when you need to step back and allow someone else to step up to the plate. It is important for You to learn when it’s appropriate to let other people take charge.

Famous challenger personalities
Kamala Harris, Martin Luther King Jr., Clint Eastwood, Serena Williams, Winston Churchill, Barbara Walters, Ernest Hemingway, Queen Latifah, Roseanne Barr, Bernie Sanders, Aretha Franklin, Chelsea Handler, Mark Cuban, Pink, Toni Morrison, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Alec Baldwin, Rhett Butler (Gone With the Wind), Katniss Everdeen (The Hunger Games), Merida (Brave), Emily Gilmore (Gilmore Girls), Esmeralda (The Hunchback of Notre Dame), Alastor Moody (Harry Potter)

Challengers in Relationships
You in a romantic relationship focus your attention on passion and intensity. You often surpass all other types in terms of both energy and the desire for the other partner to surrender to your lead. You see the world in terms of strength and weakness. When a spouse directly challenges them, you respect your partner even if you disagree, as you like to be met with some sort of a reaction in response to your passion. This makes you great at facing conflict. Though you may come across as intense, you do not mind logically hashing an argument, or changing your mind about something, if you feel your spouse or partner can back up your point.
You will also protect the people you care about with your strength, energy and power. However, sometimes you forget to acknowledge your limits and desire intensity in all manner of stimulation with your drive to fill up the inner emptiness through physical gratification. This can focus on winning, food, sexual gratification or any other type of gratification. Your do well to pull back, to take deep breaths, and to find a wider variety of smaller passions when necessary.
