The Helper/Giver
You are defined by your desire to belong and to be loved by others. You are helpful, nurturing and caring towards others. You are eager to involve yourself in others' lives. You rarely say no when others ask them for help, and want to prove value to others by always being there for them.
Deepest Fear: You fear being alone and unloved, and cope with this fear by taking care of others and making yourself central to other people's lives.

Core Motivation: You want to feel loved and appreciated, which motivates you to express love toward others in your words and actions.

Key Personality Traits of the helper
1.Warm smile and eyes
2.Approachable, radiates kindness
3.Vocal volunteer or activist
4.Excellent team player
5.Caring and gentle
6.Nurturing and patient
7.Smooth, flowing movements

Helper personality In Depth
You are highly empathetic and caring individual who put others’ needs above your own. You have intuitive abilities to anticipate the emotional gaps of others and support them.
You find great joy in being available and are seen as a source of encouragement or a shoulder to cry on. Through thick and thin, you’re the ride-or-die companion and friend.
You are strategic in how you form relationships. Usually open and popular, you find yourself in a variety of groups and are liked by many. Your encouraging and supportive nature draws in people from all stages of your lives.
You are motivated by your desire to gain approval from other people, often through indirect methods. You have an unconscious ulterior motive in your acts of kindness, and often assume others are the same.
A person with unhealthy you personality may look like a person who is selfless in a superficial way. Or someone who supports and gives to others at the expense of harming yourself or another person, such as by enabling an addict.
You are part of the heart based triad of the Enneagram. This triad focuses on the emotion of sadness as a result of feeling like the you are not loved for who you really are.
As children, you often grow up in environments where you feel like your basic emotional needs are not met. So, you learn how to adapt to others’ expectations early on and repress your own desires in an effort to support other people.
People with healthy helper personality are able to serve others while also meeting your own needs. You also know how to love and accept yourself as you are, and rely less on approval from other people.

Core Values of helper
1.A strong sense of meaning, acknowledgment from loved ones, and emotional intimacy with others are Yous’ grounding principles.
2.Altruism holds a strong place in your hearts and you readily go out of your way to volunteer your time and energy to bring others up.
3.Kindness and reciprocity are the guiding values for your decisions. To improve someone else’s life or mood is immeasurably better than helping yourself.
4.The shared experience of spending quality time with a loved one is among the best feelings in the world to Type You.

Growth Tips for helper
1.Practice mindfulness for personal growth. When you learn how to step outside of yourself and see your personality more objectively, you can observe patterns in your thoughts, feelings, and behaviors. By observing yourself from an outside perspective, you can better understand where you need to set boundaries and practice self-care.
2.Take note of your own feelings about things. You often deny your own emotions and needs, while prioritizing those of other people. Growth for you lies in acknowledging and accepting your own emotions. Activities like journaling can help you get more in touch with your emotions.
3.Practice self-love. You often feel trapped in your need to please other people. If approval is not easy to gain, you may feel unworthy because you are not appreciated. It’s essential for you to learn to love who you truly are.
4.Learn how to set healthy boundaries. You are known for giving more energy to others than you may actually have to give. This leaves them feeling depleted and detached from your own identity. You flourish when you learn how to set healthy boundaries focused on your needs.
5.Share your authentic self with other people. You tend to alter your personalities to please the people around you. Make a conscious effort to be transparent and honest about how you think and feel. You will learn that people truly value the authentic side of you!

Famous Helper personalities
Dolly Parton, Mother Teresa, Nancy Reagan, Jimmy Carter, Desmond Tutu, Celine Dion, Jennifer Garner, Maya Angelou, Lewis Carroll, Jessica Alba, Hagrid (Harry Potter), Pam Beesly (The Office), Peeta Mellark (Hunger Games), Samwise Gamgee(Lord of the Rings), Emma Woodhouse(Emma)

Helper in Relationships
You truly elevate and focus on romantic relationships; you love to give your huge hearts to someone special. Because of this, finding a partner is so important for you as is gaining approval. You are intuitive and can actively read the people around you, aligning with your perceived moods and preferences in order to maximize the possibility of connection. However, sometimes you go to great lengths to give to others through helpfulness in order to get your own needs met.
You bring positive and often bubbly energy to important situations, such as when a partner is grieving a personal loss with work or extended family, and will work hard to please your partner. However, sometimes your partner doesn’t want or require the help of you, so you find yourself unappreciated, unnoticed, or unwanted.
Emotionally, you have trouble moving from this posture, even when your spouse or others have tried to set a loving boundary. This is often because you fear rejection and may have faced abandonment issues growing up.
In addition, you frequently repress your own anger, sadness, anxiety or hurt feelings to please others. However, when your feelings are hidden, you come out in ways that can feel manipulative, prideful and controlling to those around you, even if on the surface you maintain a happy facade. This overcompensating behavior can mask depression and create marriage struggles. This happens when, instead of balance and self-care, you turn towards hedonism or self-inflation to get your needs met or put on a false generosity. Remember that You feel that in order to receive love, you must be giving. It isn’t out of cruelty but a desire to genuinely find love.

