The individualist
You are defined by your sense of being special and different from other people. You are often creative, and present a unique, distinctive personality to the people around you.
You experience a deep conflict in that you long to connect with others, but you feel that because you are so unusual, very few people are able to truly see you as you are.

Deepest Fear: You fear that you are flawed and are missing out on some basic aspect of happiness that other people have access to. To cope with this fear, you amplify what is different and special about yourself, looking for the niche in which you can truly be appreciated.

Core Motivations: You are motivated by your desire to express your individuality and to be unique. You do this through creative endeavors and by over identifying with the aspects of your personality that you view as lacking or deficient.

Key Personality Traits of the individualist
1.Distinctive inner and outer presentation
2.Prominent artistic outlet(s)
3.Quirky and endearing
4.Melancholic expression
5.Strong sense of identity
6.May feel a sense of emptiness
7.Passionate about self-expression

Individualist in Depth
Individualists may stand out to others from your unique choice of fashion, unconventional lifestyle and interests or creative works. Offbeat yet endearing, you have a relentless drive to discover and understand who you truly are, deep down. Creation, not consumption is the key to your well-being.
You spend a large amount of time reflecting on the past and using experiences and feelings as a springboard for creative musings and new projects.
Through a process of continuous exploration of the inner self (the conscious and unconscious sides), you produce original work, untouched by the expectations of others.
You struggle with an attachment to the parts of yourself that you view as deficient. You tend to over-identify as people who are more flawed than others. You undervalue the positive aspects of your personality and idealize the positive traits in other people.
At your best, you are extremely creative, compassionate and self-aware. At your worst you can be self-victimizing and self-destructive.
You are part of the heart-based triad of the Enneagram. The core emotion of the types in this triad is sadness. You struggle with feeling like you cannot be loved for who you are.
You, however, are the type most likely to embrace this grief, rather than repress or feel conflicted over it. Sadness can take on a form of identity for this type.
You have a deep and complex relationship with your emotions. Growth happens when You learn to get out of your heads and become open to experiencing true love and acceptance from other people.

Core Values of individualists
1.Authenticity and self-expression are the pinnacle of your existence.
2.Your ultimate goal is for the world to recognize and appreciate your wholly unique identity.
3.You strongly believe that your striking difference from others should always be consistent.
4.Succumbing to ‘trends’ would be considered the ultimate act of self-betrayal.

Growth Tips for individualist
1.Practice positive affirmations. You are prone to negative self-talk. By focusing your mind on positive thoughts, you can develop a kinder, more positive self-image and mindset.
2.View yourself from another person’s perspective. Keep in mind that your feelings, though valid, are subjective. Emotions are not all you are, but a part of who you are. Try to view yourself more objectively, specifically looking at your positive traits and accomplishments.
3.Consider the ways in which you are similar to those around you. You focus your attention on how you’re different from others. Instead, look for ways to connect with others. What do you have in common? Doing this will help you form deeper relationships.
4.Start small. You may feel like you lack the confidence and discipline to get things done. If what you want to accomplish feels overwhelming, break it up into small, achievable steps.
5.Learn to be open to constructive feedback — positive and negative. It’s essential for You to get out of your heads and learn to accept feedback from the outer world. Understand that negative feedback isn’t an attack on who you are as a person. And positive feedback isn’t something to dismiss or devalue. There are important lessons to be learned from constructive feedback.

Famous individualist personalities
Frida Kahlo, Billie Eilish, Rumi, Jackie Kennedy Onassis, Joni Mitchell, Bob Dylan, Prince Rihanna, Stevie Nicks, Johnny Depp, Winona Ryder, Sylvia Plath, Prince Charles, Amy Winehouse, Kurt Cobain, Anne Shirley (Anne of Green Gables), Rapunzel (Rapunzel), Luna Lovegood (Harry Potter), April Ludgate (Parks and Rec)

Individualists in Relationships
You in love are the true romantics of the Enneagram! The Romeos and Juliets of the Enneagram of sorts, full of passion and adoration, you can develop truly deep bonds and feelings together with your partner. You know how to focus attention on your own feelings, the feelings of others and the interpersonal connection and disconnection between friends, partners and children.
As a mate, since you often feel a sense of deficiency about your own worth and envy the spouse or partner, you may fantasize about a more ideal life, or have low self-esteem as you come to terms with all you are not.
You in a relationship appreciate meaningful interactions of all kinds and are not afraid of conflicts as long as you get to the bottom of things and some withdrawing time when overwhelmed. You need this time as you have a keen aesthetic wisdom and move more slowly in the world than some. However, your close view lets them see errors others miss.
You in a relationship are also known for being a bit on and off reserved and withdrawn one moment, then energetic and actively loving the next.
The envy of individualists develops from an early sense of loss which leads to the perception that there is something better outside of your experience. This missing component you can seek is believed to be the fault of you, the result of some personal deficiency.

