The loyal/skeptic
You are defined by your desire for safety and security. You seek to anticipate and avoid risk, and to ally yourself with trustworthy authority figures and institutions.
You are alert and vigilant, always thinking several steps ahead to anticipate and prepare for what could go wrong.

Deepest Fear: You fear being unprepared and unable to defend yourself from danger. To cope with this fear, you attempt to be prepared for every possible turn of events.

Core Motivation: You are motivated by your need for safety and security. You seek support and reassurance from other people, and are extremely loyal to people and groups that you trust.

Key Personality Traits of the loyal
1.Strong identification with a social group
2.Organized and well-liked
3.Good at managing finances
4.Excellent team player
5.Belongs to a tight-knit group of friends
6.Clear communicators
7.Detail-oriented and precise

Loyal in Depth
You are dedicated and responsible individuals who is keen on belonging to a social group and finding your fit in the world.
You show up in two different ways. You can either be Phobic or Counter-Phobic, which deals with your nervous energy and how it presents itself to the outer world.
Phobic You deliberately move away from the source(s) of fear, and tend to fly under the radar. You’re open and expressive about your vulnerabilities and weaknesses, so others can understand your situation and line of thought. This is your prime defense mechanism to avoid being manipulated.
Counter-Phobic You, on the other hand, possess a high-strung, irrational fear of fear itself which may paradoxically translate to rule-breaking. You try to keep up an image of independence on the surface: a tough exterior to shield your persistent internal uncertainty.
As a child, you may have grown up in an unsafe environment, had overprotective guardians, or experienced a traumatic event that shaped your worldview. You see the world as a place of danger, anything or anyone outside of your circle of trust is a potential threat.
You are extremely logical types. You are constantly strategizing and planning for future events and how to protect yourself and your loved ones from harm.
You are part of the “head-based” triad. This type deals with fear as a core emotion, but no type tackles fear as head-on as you do.
At your best, you are the person people want to have on their side, you are loyal, trustworthy, honest, and protective. At your worst, you can get in the habit of fear-based decision-making and creating self-fulfilling prophecies

Core Values of loyal
1.Security, commitment and a sense of connectedness with the group are what drive your actions. You stand strong by the people in your lives who have earned a spot in your hearts.
2.Seeking safety, you value those who can reassure you of your importance and connection.
3.Trust is the most important value for You. With all the time you spend thinking up a flurry of hypothetical scenarios, knowing someone has your back is extraordinarily comforting.
4.You seek peace within yourself, although this initially proves to be a challenge. Through trial and error, you slowly build trust and confidence over time to effectively tackle any situation.

Growth Tips for the loyal
1.Own your power. You tend to view life as a series of events that happens to you, rather than a journey where you steer the ship. When You learn to acknowledge and own the power you yield, you can be braver and bolder in how you show up to the world.
2.Be aware of how you create self-fulfilling prophecies. A self-fulfilling prophecy happens when you unconsciously make something happen by over-fixating on it. You do this when you allow your fear to lead to extreme paranoia. For example, if you over-fixate on the fear that your partner is less interested in you, you may introduce added tension to the relationship that would not be there otherwise.
3.Work on building trust in your relationships. Understand that not everyone has ulterior motives or is out to harm you. This kind of skepticism can cause problems in otherwise healthy relationships. When You learn to have more faith in the people in your lives, you can form stronger and more meaningful connections.
4.Develop healthy habits to release anxiety. You spend a lot of time in your heads, so it’s essential to practice habits that allow your energy to focus on your body. While exercise is important for everyone, it’s especially helpful in getting you to focus more on the present and release stress.

Famous loyal personalities
Mark Twain, George H.W. Bush, Joe Biden, Prince Harry, Marilyn Monroe, Woody Allen, Richard Nixon, Jennifer Aniston, Kristen Stewart, Mindy Kaling, Michael Moore, Julia Roberts, Sarah Jessica Parker, Rush Limbaugh, Ellen Degeneres, David Letterman, Tom Hanks, David Sedaris, Hamlet (Hamlet), Ron Weasley (Harry Potter), Mulan (Mulan), Dwight Schrute (The Office), Ben Wyatt (Parks and Rec), Dre Johnson (Blackish)

Loyal in Relationships
You in a romantic relationship tend to be very caring, thoughtful and protective of those you care about and are aware of your own needs as well. When you are not as healthy, you can be anxious and freeze up, rather than moving towards whatever it is you need to do. You often plan out worst case scenarios in order to make sure you are prepared, and have trouble centering your minds on the fact that spouses or partners do not always want to be controlled or to have a plan for everything.
You also must learn that people will let them down sometimes but that does not mean you can never be trusted. Sometimes things come spontaneously. You must learn that life is even more of a curious adventure when you learn to take some things in stride.
If you allow fear to limit you by creating perfect boundaries and curated relationships, then there is very little growth, even if life is smooth. You do better to honor your courageous journey back to hope and trust. Your spouses do well to let them process fears for a little while each day but then move into gratitude and planning.
