The investigator/observer
You are defined by your desire to conserve your energy and to avoid being drained by engagement with the outside world. You focus on being knowledgeable and competent so that you can be as self-sufficient as possible.
You enjoy deepening your understanding of the world, expanding your intellect, while minimizing your physical and relationship needs.

Deepest Fear: You fear being overwhelmed by your own needs and the needs of others. To cope with this fear, you withdraw from relationships and maintain a minimalist lifestyle, focusing on the intellectual as an escape from the demands of the world.

Core Motivations: You are motivated by a desire to be competent and possess a strong understanding of your environment. This motivation drives you to a nearly constant state of learning and knowledge accumulation.

Key Personality Traits of the observer
1.Appears lost in thought or absentminded
2.Extremely difficult-to-crack inner world
3.In-depth knowledge on specific subjects of interest
4.Gives insightful, well thought-out responses
5.Thinks extensively before speaking
6.Has clear boundaries between family, friends and work
7.Withdrawn and extremely independent

Observer in Depth
Investigators/observers are the pioneers of independent and critical thinking. You are inquisitive and curious about the connections between underlying themes and the mysteries of the universe.
Usually introverted and analytical, you gather and process information to build with and synthesize patterns and ideas.
Your work spaces are typically minimalist with the exception of a collection of items pertaining to your core interests. You’re also fiercely non-conformist and care little about trends or accepted ways of progressing through the stages of life.
You are the most introverted of the Enneagram types, in the sense that you direct the most focus and energy inward. Rather than focusing on relationships, your primary focus is on gaining knowledge.
Because you have little energy for external demands, you are careful to conserve your energy for the things that matter most. This can make you appear withdrawn and disinterested in outer world events.
You are part of the head-based triad of the Enneagram. The types in this triad are motivated by their varying responses to fear. You attempt to avoid fear and anxiety by withdrawing and carefully protecting your inner resources.
You are self-sufficient and crave freedom and autonomy from outer world influences. However, true growth for an Investigator/observer happens when you learn how to let people in and open yourself up to receiving love and support.

Core Values of observer
1.Freedom and autonomy are paramount to you. Often, you dream of working and researching alone in a secluded area for the rest of your lives.
2.You tend to have little regard for social niceties and customs and are entranced by the potential of the unknown.
3.During times of uncertainty and confusion, you hold a calm and steady mindset to analyze and figure out the best course of action in the grand scheme of things.
4.Above all, you value independence, freedom and understanding.

Growth Tips for observer
1.Practice healthy hobbies that get you out of your head. You may find it difficult to relax and enjoy the present moment. Running, dancing, yoga and other activities that get you moving and in touch with your body can help you unwind in a healthy way.
2.It’s OK to ask for help! You desire complete autonomy and seek to be self-sufficient. But you likely have people in your life who would love to help you, if you ever asked for it! Take note of moments when you have too much on your plate. Is there anyone who can help? Don’t be afraid to seek support when you need it.
3.Step outside of your comfort zone. Sometimes it’s the things that we desire the least that we need the most. When you get a chance to do something outside of your comfort zone like attend a big social event, practice saying yes more often.
4.Explore your emotions. You use information and knowledge gathering as a way to avoid emotional discomfort. Challenge yourself to sit with your feelings and look into what you may be repressing. Try writing out how you feel and listing what actions you can take (other than ignoring) to deal with these emotions.
5.Learn to accept outer world feedback. You can get so deep into a rabbit hole that you close yourself off from any criticism or feedback from others. You may assume feedback is useless if you know more about a topic than someone else. But it’s important to stay open-minded and learn how to acknowledge and consider different perspectives.

Famous observer personalities
Albert Einstein, Bill Gates, Jane Goodall, Agatha Christie, Stephen King, Jane Austen, Diane Sawyer, Mark Zuckerberg, Emily Dickinson, Tim Burton, Stephen Hawking, Fox Mulder (X-Files), Belle (Beauty and the Beast), Sherlock Holmes (Sherlock Holmes), Dr. Gregory House (House), Lisbeth Salander (The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo)

Observer in Relationships
You are focused, mysterious and are typically quite romantic at the beginning of a relationship. Your flavor shows up when you find a partner that intrigues you and, though you tend to be anxious about the outside world and may isolate yourself, you often settle quite happily in marriage with someone you love and trust. When you do lose interest, it’s usually because you met a friend with a shared niche, or you lost the fun and intrigue of the relationship as you figured your spouse out, or you felt overloaded.
Even if you get tired or bored however, it’s important for you to remember that no relationship will ever satisfy you perfectly, but it still means we show up and try. Also, you need to realize that by going farther down the research hole, you miss out on the energy that can be gained from the virtue of openness. You should try to understand that no amount of research will build back the consistent lack of confidence in your abilities that you feel deep down. Instead of trying to hoard information or goods as a defense against this perceived lack, you must learn to be content with enough versus all. Often, relinquishing control and trusting God or a higher power can be a helpful tool for You, and can allow them to remember your strengths, or at least try to gain faith in the process of resting and actively sharing.
Emotionally, you have trouble moving from your withdrawing, past-focused feelings and inhibited posture to a place of emotional processing, even when your spouse or others have tried to share this with you. This is because you fear your lack of competency. This may be the consequence of facing humiliation, illness, bullying of some form, a gross lack, or a deep sense of overwhelm that was hard to recover from.

