The peacemaker
You are defined by your desire to maintain a sense of inner peace and harmony, and to avoid conflict or other emotional disturbances. You are typically agreeable, calm, and easy to be around.
You rarely rock the boat, but you can be stubborn. While you typically go with the flow, you dislike being controlled and will respond with passive resistance if pushed too far.

Deepest Fear: You fear being too needy and thus pushing people away. You cope with this fear by submitting to the desires and agendas of the people around you, being agreeable in order to be included.

Core Motivations: You are motivated by your need for peace and harmony in your environment, and the desires to avoid conflict and deal with unpleasant emotions.

Key Personality Traits of the peacemaker
1.Calm, collected demeanor
2.Ability to defuse conflict with ease
3.Zen-like presence
4.Mellow and soothing voice
5.Wide circle of acquaintances
6.Generally liked by most people
7.Fluid, slow movements and gestures

Peacemaker in Depth
Gentle and agreeable, Peacemakers are the skilled mediators and counsellors in a group of friends or coworkers. You work hard behind the scenes in order to keep the group harmony steady and flowing.
As children, you knew how to get along with each classmate, making them a great addition to any group project. You can easily see the many different sides to an issue and tend not to jump to conclusions quickly, if at all.
Complacent and humble, you are stable and gentle, willing to go the extra mile to avoid rocking the boat. You are appreciative of the little things other do and the simple pleasures in life.
You are part of the body-based triad of the Enneagram. You avoid your anger and focus on maintaining inner peace.
While seemingly agreeable, you resist outer control passively. This can result in passive-aggressive tendencies.
Many peacemakers grow up in environments where they were forced into a position of mediating conflict between parents or other family members. Since you were surrounded by bigger emotions, you learned at a young age to devalue your own.
At your best, you are exceptional mediators and persuaders that can help other people understand different perspectives. At your worst, however, you can show up as apathetic, overly passive, and highly self-critical.
You grow when you learn to connect more deeply with your authentic self, prioritize your own desires, and express your wants and needs to other people.

Core Values of peacemaker
1.Harmony, kindness and unity with the world. Idealistic and well-wishing, you aim to be the glue that holds the entire group together, whether you’re with family, friends or colleagues.
2.The quickest way into your heart is to acknowledge your contributions and reassure you of your importance.
3.Gently sharing your nuggets of wisdom and serenity with others, you believe in the power of forgiveness and acceptance.
4.External comfort paired with a sense of inner balance make up your ideal lifestyle and you gladly create this atmosphere through every aspect of your lives.

Growth Tips for the peacemaker
1.Pay attention to your wants and needs. You get into the habit of forgetting yourself and going along with the wants and needs of other people. You fear that making things about them will lead to conflict or discomfort. But by repressing your desires, you’re limiting your potential for growth. Spend time reflecting on your thoughts and feelings without external input to better understand what you truly want.
2.Listen to your body. You are prone to neglecting your physical health in the same ways that you can neglect your mental health. Exercise and meditation can help you feel more in touch with your body and better able to understand what it needs to thrive.
3.Learn to see the value in conflict. Expressing yourself can lead to conflict, but it also leads to deeper and more meaningful relationships. Embrace opportunities to connect with people by sharing what you think and being open to disagreements.
4.Practice being more direct and assertive. If being direct and assertive in conversation feels intimidating to you, practice with the people you trust the most. You can work your way up to being more comfortable in asserting yourself in everyday conversations.
5.Lean into adventure. You value routine and are often uncomfortable with change. Challenge your resistance to change by exploring the ways in which you are in control of your life. Consider ways that you can step outside of your comfort zone and be more adventurous.

Famous peacemaker personalities
Marie Kondo, Barack Obama, Queen Elizabeth II, Ariana Grande, Ronald Reagan, Carl Jung, Joseph Campbell, Woody Harrelson, Gloria Steinem, Zooey Deschanel, Ron Howard, Audrey Hepburn, Morgan Freeman, Whoopie Goldberg, Sophia Loren, Abraham Lincoln, Alicia Keys, Dorothy Gale (The Wizard of Oz), Winnie-the-Pooh (Winnie-the-Pooh), Luke Skywalker (Star Wars), Bruce Banner/Hulk (The Incredible Hulk), Pocahontas (Pocahontas)

Peacemakers in Relationships
You are comfortable and cozy in relationships. You focus your attention on both your own comfort and typically enjoy preparing for the comfort of your mate also. Even more than gauging with yourself internally, you will focus on what’s going on in the environment and, as long as you’re comfortable, merge with others desires and wishes. However, a healthy peacemaker can still prioritize themselves and their goals and find time for active self-care too.
When you are not healthy however, you can overly focus on staying still or avoiding conflict altogether. You want to achieve harmony at any cost, even if you passively, aggressively avoid relationship issues. Alternately, unhealthy peacemaker may at times tune in so much to what the other person in the relationship wants, that they lose a clear sense of your own needs and agendas.
In the name of practicality and earthy comforts, sometimes peace loving you forget that conflict, not just harmony, is part of the necessary flow of life. Instead, you stay in your turtle shells avoiding rocking the metaphorical boat in any way.
At your best however, you can be extremely powerful. You can be thought of as a great river, one which can carry everything along with them but with a hidden dammed up reservoir of energy. You have very little access to it, due to feeling bad for rocking the boat. For this reason, you are generally the most tired of all the types.
Because of your inner fatigue and tuning out, it’s important that you wake up to what’s going on internally. When you bravely and wisely engage with your partner about what’s not going well without blowing up in rage or retreating, you are on the right track. The avoidance of conflict may otherwise cost them your own identity and selfhood. Furthermore, it opens the door to depression, addiction, one-night affairs, dissociation, and full inaction.
