The perfectionist/Reformer/Idealist
You are most likely to have the qualities of the perfectionist personality. According to this personality, you like to do things correctly and to high standards. You are sticklers for rules and you get frustrated when things dont live up to your very high standards at work, in relationships or in your day-to-day life. You also avoid making mistakes and pay close attention to detail. To others, you appear perfect, responsible and exacting. You fear being “bad people,” morally flawed, or otherwise seen as imperfect. You cope with this fear by being rigidly disciplined and very hard on yourself (and often, those around you, too). You strive to be good and honorable - and to live a life with purpose. You seek the best and most correct way to do things.

Key Personality Traits of the perfectionist
1.Serious and straightforward during conversation,
2.Attuned to practicality and frugality,
3.Hardworking and diligent as employees,
4.High internal standards,
5.Rigidity in plans and decisions,
6.Intense ability to concentrate,
7.Natural talent for teaching and instructing

Perfectionist personality In Depth
You are responsible and serious-minded pragmatists. You want to find purpose in your life, in particular the ability to improve the welfare of people and make things better for the greater good. To do this, you use your best judgment to find solutions that can be applied in the real world. You have a deep appreciation and interest in ethics, and frequently spend time evaluating and adjusting your moral compass as necessary. Often, you have a clear life mission outlined in your mind, and you work very hard behind the scenes to transform that powerful vision into reality - with a strong sense of duty and tenaciousness. Quiet and controlled, you will follow through with your words and commitments.
You are willing to go the extra mile to ensure your work is top-notch and curated to perfection. You take great pride in crafting streamlined schedules and plans to carry out tasks in the most efficient manner possible — optimization is a lifestyle choice.
 You feel that if you have everything organized and under control, you will not have to worry about negative emotional experiences like anger and frustration. 
Your type of personality often grows up in environments where there is a lot of chaos and uncertainty. Because of this, you often feel responsible for holding everything together. As long as you can maintain order, the One believes that everything will be “good.”

Core Values of perfectionist
1.A desire to improve every aspect of your life. You aim for your actions to be consistent with your values and principles, and work extremely hard to achieve that goal.
2.Responsibility and due diligence are the pillars of your values. You strive for accountability and appreciate the functionality of various products and systems.
3.Integrity is a key factor in your life choices and stands the test of time. Loyalty, justice and honesty are the core ingredients in shaping your down-to-earth character.

Growth Tips for perfectionist
1.Be kinder to yourself. In the extreme or under stress, you can be so hard on yourself that you can make yourself miserable. Easing up on your inner negative critic is something to consider. Think about how a close friend would feel if you levelled that same critique at them.
2.Recognize that not everyone is where you are. You can be great colleague, teacher, partner and friend, but often your own high-standards can make them seem judgmental, overly rigid, and harpies-like to others! Learning to accept people as they are, and to pause (or at least censor yourself) before getting overly preachy or nitpicky is important.
3.Be flexible and open to outside perspectives. Bringing moral clarity and strong principles to your work and life is great and has empowered many people of similar personality who have led major social movements (like Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela). However, staying humble and grounded in living those truths (vs. just preaching them), and understanding that people may bring other views to the table, is critical to maintaining balance.
4.Establish a healthy work/life balance. You tend to be driven workaholics with extraordinary focus, which can lead to much career success as demonstrated by multiple similar type personality people who have reached the heights of their own fields (from Michelle Obama, to Captain “Sully” Sullenberger, to Tina Fey). But being mindful of the need to balance all those late office nights with time for relationships, family, health, and your own overall wellness is key.
5.Lighten up! This may seem “easier said than done,” but your path to growth lies in learning to not take everything in life so seriously. Look for the silliness in yourself and the world around you, and take time to relax and be present.

Famous perfectionist personality
Martha Stewart, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Michelle Obama, Nelson Mandela, Tina Fey, Mahatma Gandhi, Captain “Sully” Sullenberger, Steve Jobs, Margaret Thatcher, Eleanor Roosevelt, Hillary Clinton, Meryl Streep, Elizabeth Warren, Kate Middleton, Brene Brown, Jane Fonda, Emma Watson, “Mary Poppins” (Mary Poppins), “Hermione Granger” (Harry Potter), “Ned Stark” (Games of Thrones), "Steve Rogers” (Captain America)

Perfectionist in Relationships
Your type of people in a relationship can bring a balance of goodness, productivity and fun to the mix that most of us can only dream about. However, you also tend to focus on noticing errors in yourself and your partners.
Because of this, when frustration rises to a high level in romantic relationships, you internally point to the mistakes of your partners using logic, but you usually don’t say anything about these critiques. This tension can last a long time since you tend to repress your anger - and are sometimes even unaware of it. This repression stems from the belief that you are “bad” when you experience anger, instead of realizing conflict is part of life.
When you do finally get the courage to express frustration to a partner or spouse however, the spouse has often already “felt” the anger in some way and is sensitive to your critique. This can further create couple’s polarization as you refuse to your partner with softness. Instead, you insist on your own rigid positioning and being even more convinced you are right.
At this point, you may express hostility since you believe your actions are correct and you will try to force things into conformity. For this reason, it is important for you to practice the inner work of releasing your control and your desire for perfection to a higher power. Likewise, to ensure you are taking care of yourself through mindfulness, meditation, a regular massage, or a workout.
When you recognize that the gift of rightness, fairness and goodness you bring to the world is the source of your attraction, and that you are not responsible for the end result of every situation (including letting go to a higher power, if you are spiritually inclined), you can relax in a relationship. This allows you to better take care of your relationship and even to offer apologies as necessary, the latter of which is not always natural for you.
